2019.11.25

	The Last Supper (1495). But he's almost equally famous for his astonishing
multiplicity for talents: he dabbled in architechture, sculpture, egineering, geology,
hydraulics and the military arts, all with success, and in his spare time doodled
parachutes and flying machines that resembled inventions of the 19th and 20th
centuries.

	The first aerial photograph was taken from a ballon during the U.S. civil war.
Olive oil was used for washing the body in the ancient Mediterranean world. in1801,
20 percent of the people in the U.S. were slaves. Slaves under the last emperors of
China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly. Dinner guests during the
medieval times in England were expected to bring their own knives to the table.
Traffic engineering was not developed in London, New York or Paris, but rather in 
ancient Rome. The Romans, of course, were noted road builders. The Appian Way,
for example, stretched 350 miles from the Elernal City to Brundisium. In Rome itself
there were actually stop signs and even alternate-side-of-the-street parcking. Until
the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.

	Being rude to telephone operator in Prussia was once a crime. in 1908, a 
respected citizen was reprimanded by the government after becoming exasperated
with an operator and saying "My dear girl"! In Thailand, the left hand is considered
unclean, so you should not eat with it. Also, pointing with one finger is considered
rude and is only done when pointing to objects or animals, never humans.

	Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pissa every day. Banging your head
against a wall uses 150 calories an hour. Contrary to popular belief, the British flag is
not called "The Union Jack" it is actually called "The Union Flag". It's only called the
Union Jack when out at sea on navy ships. You are most likely to get murdered at
Christmas time due to more alcohol being drunk. Merry Christmas.

	Prussian officers in his house in Cologne in 1848. Marx had friends among the 
German labor union, and he was considered a threat to the autocrats. Dressed in
his bathrobe, he forced the officers out at the point of a revolver, which, it turned
out, was not loaded.

	already married. The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every 
year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of 
all the books that would occupy the building. The electric chair was invented by a 
dentist.

	The Guninness Books of Records holds the record for being the book most often
stolen from public libraries. If you removed the stomach, the spleen, 75% of the 
liver, 80%of the intestines, one kidney, one lung, and virtually every organ from the 
pelvic and groin area, the human body would still be able to survive. In 10 minuntes, a 
hurricane release more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combines.

	In Italy, it is illegal to make coffins out of anything except nutshells or wood. "To
prevent violence" it was at one time customary at certain phases of the moon to 
chain and flog inmates of England's notorioud Bedlman Hospital. In Milan, Italy, when 
an operator dialled a wrong number, the phone company fined the operator. In 
Hartford Connecticut, it is illegal for a husband to kiss his wife on Sundays.

	In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak. If a statue in the 
park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; If 
the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received 
in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural 
causes. Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.

	When Heated "Found on the instruction sheet of a Conair Pro Style 1600 hair
dryer: "WARNING: Do not use in shower. Never use while sleeping."  Found on Bat
Man The Animated Series Armor Set Helloween costume box: "PARENT: Please 
exercise caution, mask and chest plate are not protective; cape does not enable
wearer to fly."

	 Virginia O'Hanlon Douglas was the eight-years-old girl who, in 1897, asked the 
staff of The New York Sun whether Santa Claus excited. In the now-famous editorial,
Francis Church assured Virgina that yes, indeed, "there is a Santa Claus." The first
dictionary of American English was published on April 14th , 1828, by -who else?-
Noah Webster. No automobile made after 1924 should be designated as antique.

	the child reaches 2-6 years of age. Modern records do not compare with that of
St Simeon the younger called stylites a monk who spent the final 45 years of his life
living at the top of a stone pillar on the hill of wonders near Antioch in Syria !

	Ancient Greeks wove marjoram into funeral wreaths and put them on the 
graves of love ones. The wreaths served as prayers for the happiness of the 
deceased in a future life. Breaking of a glass is traditional in some wedding 
ceremonies. This custom symbolizes different things. To some it is the destruction of
the temple in Jerusalem, and for some it is the represents the fragility of a 
relationship.

	The minimum age set in the U.S. Constitution for the President of the United 
States in 35. In Athens, Greece, a driver's license cam be taken away by law if the
driver is deemed either "unbathed" or "poorly dressed". Impotence is grounds for 
divorce in 24 U.S. states. The murder rate in the United States is 200 times greater 
than in Japan. In Japan no private citizen can buy a handgun legally.

	The British once went to war over a sailor's ear. It happened in 1739, when
Britain launched hostilities against Spain because a Spanish officer had supposedly
sliced off the ear of a ship's captain named Robert Jenkins. Alexander Hamilton and
his son, Philip, both died on the same spot, and both during duels. Philip went first, 3
years before his father would be killed in that same field by Aaron Burr.

2019.11.26

	Why are teenagers obessed with zombies and vampire?

	Our current preoccupation with zombies and vampires is easy to explain. They're two
sides of the same coin, addressing our fascination with sex, death and food. They're both
undead, they both feed on us, they both pass on some kind of plague and they can both be
killed with specialist techniques - a stake through the heart or a disembraining. But
they seem to have become polarised. Vampire are the undead of choice for girls, and 
zombies for boys. Vampire are cool, aloof, beautiful, brooding creatures of the night.
Typical moody teenage boys, basically. Zombies are dumb, brutal, ugly and mindlessly
violent. Which makes them also like typical teenage boys, I suppose.

	Zombie stories are life lessons for boys who don't mind thinking about bodies,
but can't cope with emotions. Vampire stories are in many ways sex for the squeamish.
We don't need Raj Persaud to tell us that plunging canines into soft warm necks,
or driving stakes between heaving bosoms, are very basic sexual metaphors.

	There are now even whole sections of bookshops given over to the new genre of
"supernatural  romance". Maybe it was ever thus. Dr Polidori, who wrote the very first
vampire novel, The Vampyr, based his central character very much on his chief patient,
Lord Byron, and the Byronic "mad, bad and dangerous to know" archetype has been at the 
centre of both romantic and blood-sucking fiction ever since. Dracular, Heathcliffe,
Rochester, Darcy and not to mention chief vampire Bill in Channel 4's new series True 
Blood are all cut from the same cloth. Meyer even claims that she based her first 
Twilight book on Pride and Prejudice , although Robert Pattinson, who plays the lead in
the movies version, looks like James Dean in Rebel Without A Cause. Either way,
vampire = sexy rebel.

	No zombie is ever going to be a pinup on some young girl's wall. Just as Pattinson
and all the Darcy-alikes with never find space on any teenage boy's bedroom walls - every
inch will be plastered with revolting posters of zombies. There are no levels of Freudian
undertone to zombies. Like boys, they're not subtle. There's nothing sexual about them,
and nothing sexy either.

2019.11.27

	10 Neat Facts About Google Posted by Alex in Blog & Internet, Neatorama Only on 
November 3, 2009 at 3:44 am.
	Sure, everybody knows that Google was created by Stanford Ph.D. students Larry Page
and Sergey Brin who became gazillionaires. But did you know that Google's first storage
device was cobbled together with LEGO? Or that Google's first investor wrote a $100,000 
check even before the company officially existed? Or that it has its own "official" Google 
dog?
	Neatorama presents the Top 10 Neat Facts About Google:

1. Before Google, There Was BackRub
	In 1996, graduate students Larry Page and Sergey Brin worked on a research project to
understand the link structure of the World Wide Web. They're particularly interested in 
determining the importance of a given web page based on its backlines or how many other
web pages link to it (which later become the concept behind Google's "PageRange" alogorithm).
The project was named BackRub (yes, a play on the word "backline").
	Your logo is upside down : Why is the light source obviously below the image? It looks
quite unnatural ... The logo is simply a scan of my hand, from a flatbed scanner converted 
to black and white. The "back" in the picture is the scanner cover, and the shadows are 
from the scanner light.

2. The Original Google Computer Storage 
	Larry and Sergey needed large amount of disk space to test their PageRank also, but 
the largest hard disks avalible at the time were only 4 GB. So they assembled 10 of these drivers
together.
	While he was an undergrade at Michigan University, Larry had built a programmable
plotter out of LEGO, so it's only natural that he used the colorful bricks to creat Google's first 
computer storage!

3. Google's First Investor
	Sun Microsystem co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim knew a good thing when he saw it.
After talking to Larry and Sergey about Google for 30 minuntes, he whipped out his checkbook
and wrote a check for $100,000, made out to "Google, Inc." Problem was, Google, Inc. hasn't 
existed yet!
	Oh, by the way, the Sun in Sun Microsystem stands for "Stanford University Network."

4. Google Garage 
	Talk about getting lucky tenants. In 1998, Susan Wojcicki rented her garage to two 
Stanford students -you know who they are -for $1,700 a month to help out with the mortgage.
That turnned out to be a life-changing decision for Susan- it got her a key early job at Google 
which translated to a top executive position later on, introduced a future husband to her younger 
sister Anne, and creates a mini cottage industry for the rest of her family. (Photo: Jack Gruber / 
USA Today)
	In 2006, Google bought the house which had become a tourist attraction (the busloads
of people who shows up to take pictures were so annoying  that Google desided not to publish 
the address - though ironically, you can still Google Map it.)

5.Google's First Dog 
	Despite the Internet's obsession with cat, dogs rule Google.. In 1999, a Leonberger breed 
named Yoshka came to work with Google's first VP of Engineering Urs Holxle and become the 
company's "first" dog.(Photo: Google Timeline)
	If you must know, Leonbergers are big dogs with lionesque mane that look really majestic.
They are, however, useless as guard dogs because they're too kind and gentel.

6. Just How Many Servers Does Google Have?
	Good question. Nobody outside the company knows, and Google ain't talk'in. The 
company's famously secretive when it comes to its data centers (Heck, no one even knows for 
sure how many data centers the company has!)
	For example, The Dailies or "Googleville" data center in a small Oregon town, was 
cloaked in secerecy:
	"No one says the 'G'word," said Diane Sherwood, executive director of the Port of Klickitat,
Wash., directly across the river from The Dalles, who is not bound by such agreement."It's a little 
bit like He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named in Harry Potter.
	Recently, Google Fellow Jeff Dean gave a revealing talk on large-scale computing systems
in which designed for up to 10 million servers.Skynet. anyone? 

7. "Green" Search
	All those hardware must use a lot of electricity (indeed, Googleville data center is calculate
to require about 103 megawatts of electricity-enough to power 82,000 homes or a city the size of 
Tacoma, Washington), but just how much energy do you use when you perform a Google search?

2019.11.28

	Google calculated that it uses about 1kJ (0.0003 kWh) of energy to answer the average 
search  query. It's so efficient that your PC will likely use more energy in the time it takes to do a
Google search.
	To offset its electricity consumption, Google even installed 1.6MW solar panels on the 
rooftops of the Googleplex . A total of 9,212 solar panels generate 4,475 kWh daily, the equivalent
of about the amount of electricity used by1,000 California homes.

8. Google Trike
	I'm sure you're all familiar with Google Street View and the camera-toppped Google 
Car, but what about all of the interesting places inaccessible to cars? Enter the Google Trike,
which started as a project by Daniel Ratner, a Senior Mechanical Egineer on the Street View 
team:
	"I began thinking about building a bicycle-based Street View system after realizing 
how many interesting places around the world - ranging from historic landmarks to beautiful
trails to shopping districts - aren't accessible by car," says Dan. "When I'm riding the trike, so
many people come up to me and ask where it's off to next or how they can get imagery of 
their favorite spot, so I can't wait to see what our users come up with."
	Previously on Neatorama: Google Car Pulled Over by the Cops - Now in Google Street
View!

9. I'm Feeling Lucky Costs Google $110 Million a Year
	The "I'm Feeling Lucky" button on Google's homepage takes you straight to the first 
web page results. Because it bypasses Google's own search result page, where users are shown 
ads, the button actually costs Google around $110 million a year.
	Why keep it? Google Vice President of Search Product and User Experience Marisa 
said:
	You know Larry and Sergey had the view, and I certainly share it, that it's possible 
just to become too dry, too corporate, too much about making money. And you know what I 
think is really delightful about Google and about the "I'm Feeling Lucky," is that they remind you
that people here have personality and that thay have interests and that there is real people.

10. Googlebot, Revealed At Last!
	In 2005, Ben Rathbone (then at Google'a Hardware Operations) gave us a glimpse of 
humanity's future. I, for one welcome our new Googlebot overlord:
	Then I pondered the question: what does Google do? The grossly simplified answer
that I cmae up with is Google connects the world with the Internet.
	It all snapped into place: the idea of a robot, connecting a world with the Internet, with
the Internet, with wires, that connect to big cabinets of computers. It was not hard then to make 
the leap to representing the internet as a world, or globe, made up of pages.

	The Ugliest Building That's Flip to Print 
	The American Institude of Architects - never a group to remain silent in the face of 
structures that it deems unattractive - has released an index of the ugliest building in New York 
City, part of the local chapter's annual guide to the city's architecture. And guess who is ugliest 
this year? Hint: it's the new headquarters of daily broadsheet newspaper.
	Elsewhere in the new list are not one but two Donald Trump towers, a light blue T.G.I
Friday's restaurant on the Fifth Avenue, a training center for unionized iron workers, a drab Bronx
apartment building and the former headquarters of the defunct Bear Steams.

	Lettis's Wine Rules: Cheese and Vino 
	Red wine and cheese is one of those couplings - like country and Western - that's so 
automatic that few people actually stop to consider if it actually makes sense. Why not, for 
example, country and Southern, since that's where so much of the music comes from anyway?
	Any why red wine with cheese when white wine is so much better with it? Although 
red wine does go well with certain hard cheeses (such as Parmigiano), I find that its tannins 
often get in the way. White wines work better because they're so much more versatile in style,
texture and character. They can be soft and fruity, dry and minerally or sumptuously sweet.
They can pair with goat cheese and blue cheese and stinky cheese, too.
	But I'm convinced that most people drink red wine with cheese for one simple reason:
At the ebd of the meal, it's what they have in their glass. The other night, I was at a friend's house 
for dinner and they pulled out some Camembert to polish off the rest of the wine. Though the
cheese was lovely, it was pretty much squashed by the Zinfandel, whose assertive flavors and 
fairly high alcohol practically bullied the poor Camembert straight off the plate.
	My solution is simple: I serve my cheese at the start of the meal, accompanied by a 
glass of white wine- Sauvignon Blanc, Gruner Veltliner or a Riesling. I know it's not particularly
fashionable - it may even be a bit Midwestern, as one guest once said (without even knowing
that's where I'm from ). But it definitely works as a food and wine pairing. And I'm happy to 
say I've made a few converts. Like my friend Vonnie (Pennsylvania-born), who likes cheese 
first, as well - though she added she 'aspired' to having it after meal. 'I know that it's chic,' she
told me , 'but actually I'd rather have brownie instead.' 


2019.11.29

	Eating To Live Or Living To Eat?
	Imagine the typical office birthday party. It's after lunch, so everybody is full. Then, in
comes a lusious chocolate confection. The sight, the smell -- even the sound of the world 'cake!'
--stimulate the reward-and-pleasure circuitsof the brain, activating memory centers and salivary 
glands as well.
	Those reactions quickly drown out the subtle signals from the stomach that are saying,
in effect, 'Still digesting down here. Don't send more!' Social cues add pressure and permission 
to indulge. Soon, everybody is having a slice -- or two.
	Scholars have understood the different motives for eating as far back as Socrates, who
counseled, 'Tou shouldst eat to live, not live to eat.' But nowadays, scientists are using sophisticate
brain-imaging technology to understand how the lure of delicious food can overwhelm the body's
built-in  mechanism to regulate hunger and fullness, what's called 'hedonic' versus 'homeostatic'
eating.
	One thingis clear: Obese people  react much more hedonistically to sweet, fat-landen
food in the pleasure and reward circuits of the brain than healthy-weight people do. Simply seeing
pictures of tempting food can light up the pleasure-seeking areas of obese poeple's brains.
	Two conferences this week on obesity are each examining aspects of how appetite works
in the brain and why some people ignore their built-in fullness signals. Scientists hope that 
breakthroughs will lead to ways to retrain people's thinking about food or weight-loss drugs that
can target certain brain areas.
	Top 10 rental homes in North America
	(Reuters Life!) - Sometimes you want the comforts of home even while you're on holiday 
and a luxury rental can put you at ease while you're sampling the best of a nea city, resort or region.
	Travel Web sit TripAdvisor (www.tripadvisor.co.uk) has provide its own list of luxury 
rental homes in North America, ranging from beachside villas to spacious mountainside estates on 
the slopes. This list is not endorsed by Reuters.
1. 17 Mile Drive at the Lodge, Pebble Beach, California
	Designed as a French chateau overlooking the Pacific Ocean and famous Pebble Beach 
Golf Course, heavenly 17 Mile Drive at the Lodge comfortably sleeps 17 within its majestically 
art-adorned walls. It's also perfect for a gold-plated summer barbeque with open-air patios, 
bocce ball courts, a water fountain, playground and room on its more than three acres of land 
designed to host more than 200 guests.
2. MIT PED, Punta de Mita, Mexico
	Called the Casa EI Destino, this uber-luxurious rental home sports breathtaking views 
of the Pacific Ocean, the Marieta Island, and the skyline of Puerto Vallarta. Guests can play chef 
in its gourmet kitchen, swim in its expansive oceanfront pool, or take in rounds of golf with 
preferential tea times at outstanding nearby courses.
3. Camelback Vista, Phoenix, Arizona
	Resting high on Camelback Mountain, remarkable Camelback Vista overlooks the 
beautiful Valley of the Sun and its surrounding red sandstone cliffs. The property boasts a 
triangular infinity edged pool that spills over in all directions, a spacious outdoor kitchen,
theater room, and even a rock climbing wall for the more active traveler.
4. Casa Fryzer, Cabo San Lucas, Mexico
	Complete with an in-house chef and bartender, magnificently equipped Casa Fryzer 
is a stunning vacation rental over looking the water on Cobo San Lucas. The property includes 
a wine cellar, gym, and theater room with surround sound and recliners, and showcases great 
attention to detail in its exterior design and modern chic interior decor.
5. Aguajito Rd, Carmel, California
	With over 10,000 square feet overlooking the Monterey Peninsula, the majestic 
Aguajito Rd has plenty of space for traveters to strech out and relax during their trip. It also 
features a kitchen designed by a local celebrity chef and has a spacious outdoor kitchen, 
barbeque and bar area that can accommodate up to 100 guests.

	What's NodeJS and Wht You need to learn it
	Node.js is a framework for writing server-side JavaScript applications. It built on top 
of the V8 JavaScript runtime and uses an event-driven, non-block I/O model that makes it 
perfect for data-intensive, real-time application.
	Some of the leading companies in the world use Node in production, like Netflix,
Paypal, Walmart, and Uber.
	Node is often used to build back end service that communicate with client-side 
applications. These applications get and send data through a back end service called an API.
The API server as an interface between different programs so they are able to talk to each 
other. A web app and a mobile app below can leverage the same API to store data, sende 
mails, push notification or initiate workflows on the server.

2019/12/2

	Architecture
	Every browser has their own JavaScript engine that converts javascript into code 
that a computer can understand. For example, Microsoft Edge uses Chakra, Firefox uses 
spidermonkey, and chrome uses V8. This explains why JavaScript code can behave 
differently in other browsers.
	Before Node, you could only run LavaScript on the browser. In 2009, being able 
to run JavaScript outside of the browser was finally made possible when Ryan Dahl came 
up with the idea of executing JavaScript outside of the browser. So, he took chromes v8 
engine, which is the fastest JavaScript engine avaliable, and embedded it inside of a C++ 
program and called Node.
	Browsers provide different objects for us to carry out certain task using JavaScript.
With Node, we have objects that allow us to manipulate the file system by creating and 
deleting folders, query databases directly, and create wed servers to serve dat. Both Chrome 
and Node contain the V8 engine, but provide different run time enviroments that give us 
access to different objects/tools to leverage different functions,
	Earlier, I talked about how node is the best for building highly scalabe, data 
intensive applications, Keep in mind that there are other tools and frameworks for building
back-end services such as ASP.NET, Rails, and Django. But, Node comes out on top because
of its asynchronous nature.
	What is I/O ?
	I/O is shorthand for Input or Output and it means accessing outside of your application. 
Once an application has started, it is loaded into the machine's memory. That's what the CPU 
will mostly use for running your program.
	Accessing memory is pretty fast, hence a lot of caching mechanisms simply use RAM 
to store data. However, applications will often need to access the network or read from a text 
file, and these types I/O are by far the slowest types. That's where non-blocking I/O proves it's 
dominance.
	Non-Blocking I/O (Asynchronous)
	Asynchronous, non-blocking servers, like ones made in Node, only use one thread to 
service all requests. This means an instance of Node makes the most out of a single thread. This 
means the server can serve a lot of request without requiring more server hardware; which is
expensive.
	When requests arrive at the server, they are serviced one at a time. However, when the 
code serviced needs to query the DB for example, it sends the callback to a second queue and the 
main request continues to run ; it doest't wait. Now when the DB operation completes and returns,
the corresponding callback is pulled out of the second queue and queued in a third queue where 
they are pending execution. When the engine gets a chance to execute something else, it picks
up a callback from the third queue and executes it.
	Blocking I/O (Synchronous)
	Synchronous blocking operations is how some web servers, like ones in ASP.NET, handle 
IO or network requests by default. If your code reads from a file or the database, your code 
"blocks" everything after it from executing until that first request is finished. In that period, your 
machine is holding onto memory and processing time for a thread that is idle.
	In order to cater other requests while that thread has stalled depends on your softaware.
Most server software spawns more threads to handle the additional requests. This causes more 
memory and processing to be consumed.
	I'm not saying that ASP.NET and other types of frameworkd can't run code asynchrously,
they can , but you have to write more code to make it happen. Node runs asynchronously by 
default without writing extra code. 
	Why Learn NodeJS?
	According to a new study by Carl Joseph and Terence Siganakis, JavaScript was the 
most popular programming language in 2017, and still stands in 1st place today. Developers 
who knows JavaScript are in high demand bt employers because it powers the words most 
popular client-side framework like Angular, React, and Vue. Now, thanks to the perfection of 
Node, JavaScript can be ran on the server side too.
	Think of a webside you use regularly. Chances are, it is responsive, beautiful, and 
quick. This is because it is a frint-end application. Front in applications are composed of HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript. Almost all websites today use JavaScript frameworks to power the 
front-end of their applications, such as data binding, routing, and animations.
	One of the benefits of Node, is that a front-end developer that knows JavaScript can 
be hired on as a full stack developer will higher pay. Teams can build the front-end of an 
application and the back end of the application using one language. It makes more sense to 
use Node on the back end because you'll use JavaScript all the way front to back with same 
conventions, code style, tools, etc.
	Knowing Node makes you more valuable to employers because they are already in
the process of implementing JavaScript on the front-end and backend.
	and that my friend is good news for you(:

2019/12/3
	
	The Most Amazing Things About JK Rowling's Life Story
				Ann DarcyMORE ARTICAELS September 23, 2019
	J.K. Rowling is known all around the world for giving us the magical story of Harry 
Potter. Yet the author was not always on top of the world. Her life story has its fair share of 
struggles.
	Despite her difficults, she managed to come out on top and to become a respected
author who now has more money than the Queen of England. While money does't buy 
happiness, being able to achive your dream does and J.K.Rowling has definitely achive hers 
beyond her wildest dreams. So what is the secret to her success? Perhaps it lies in her life story.
	What is J.K. Rowling's life story?
	J.K. Rowling knew she wanted to be an author from a young age, according to 
Insider. She would write constantly and tell stories to her younger sister, Dianne. However, as 
she got older, she was , like many aspiring authors, encouraged to pursue other things by her 
parents. She went to college study French and graduated in 1986, after which she worked for 
Amnesty International, doing translation work.
	She found her work important but wasn't entirely to her liking. As someone who 
admits to being "one of the most disorganized people in the world" and "the worst 
secretary ever," Rowling would not be an ideal employee for any office. In fact, she admits 
that she would spend her time at work typing up stories when no one was looking and 
meetings would be spent writing down parts of stories or thinking up character names.
	When did she start writing 'Harry Potter'?
	Every Harry Potter fan probably knows this part of the story. In 1990, on a train 
from Manchester to London's King's Cross Station, the idea for Harry Potter popped into 
her head. She would then spend the next five years working on the story. However, in the 
midst of it all, tragedy struck. Rowling's mother died when Rowling was 25. At 26, most 
likely tired of her office job, Rowling moved to Portugal to teach Ebglish. 
	There she would meet and marry a Portuguese journalist named Jorge Arantas.
The couple had a child together, Jassica, named after a favorite author of Rowling's. The 
two of them would breakup shortly after Jassica's birth in July 1993, their relationship 
ending in November. Shortly after the breakup, Rowling headed back to the UK and 
would write the first Harry Potter book on a typewriter in cafes.
	What other struggles play a part in J.K. Rowling's life story?
	Being a single mother is a struggle in and of itself. Yet that is not the only struggle
J.K. Rowling would face at the time. She was also without a job, didn't have much money, 
and was living on welfare. All of these struggles must have overwhelmed her and led to her 
deperssion.
	That's right, J.K. Rowling suffered from depression, and would later be inspired 
to create the Dementors based on her experience with the illness. She would also fase a lot 
of rejection from publishers when first sending out the first Harry Potter book in 1995. Yet 
eventually a publisher named Bloomsbury took a chance on her and published Harry Potter 
and the Philosopher's Stone under the pen name J.K. Rowling, an attempt to hide her gender 
so that boys would read the book. Yet don't worry, despite her struggles she carried on and 
even said in a speach in 2018, that "rock bottom became the solid foundation on which [she] 
rebuilt [her] life."
	So what can be taken away from the admired author's life story? That struggles can 
lead to good outcomes in the end? That rock bottom can indeed be a "solid foundation on 
whick" one can rebuilt their life? All of these lessons can be taken from her story as well as this 
one: don't give up.
	Never give up on your dreams and never stop hoping that things will one day get 
better. You might just end up like J.K. Rowling, rebuilding your life after reaching rock bottom.

	Hong Kong's political instability means 2020 could be the endgame for 'one country, 
two systems'
				by Albert Cheng 12 Jul,2019
	The current mass protests and rumbles in the financial sector echo the loss of faith 
that preceded the handover. Any threat to Hong Kong's autonomy could set off a series of 
events that lead to the city's demise.
	The eyes of the world are on Hong Kong's extradition bill protests. The millennial-led
demonstrations have matured into a global and unstoppable movement. Karl Marx said history 
repeats itself, "the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce". This is not the first time Hong 
Kong has faced a huge social and political crisis.
	Fifteen years before the handover, Hongkongers realised that their way of life might 
no longer be preserved. Across sectors, there was a loss of faith in the city. The stock market 
plummeted and the Hong Kong dollar exchange rate to the US dollar crashed. The panic did 
not stop until the Chinese and British governments drafted the Sio-British Joint Declaration. The 
promise of "one country, two systems" and "Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong" stabilished 
society.
	In theory, there are still 28 years until the pledge of Hong Kong's economic and 
political system remaining "unchanged for 50 years" runs out. However, going by the disquiet 
before the handover, the next big confidence crisis is likely to be in 2033, given that a Legislative 
Council election will be held in 2032. Optimistically, that will be the final countdown to 2047 - 
the endgame.
	In fact, the Chinese and Hong Kong governments do not believe that the promise 
that Hong Kong will "remain unchanged for 50 years" must be kept until 2047 , although there 
are many parctical problems to be solved from land premiums and bank mortgages to 
international treaties. Going by the current political instability, it is very likely that 2020 will be 
the endgame for "one country, two systems."
	Leung Chun-ying was a deeply unpopular chief executive, who undermined Hong 
Kong's core values. Although Leung did not stand for re-election, the increasing interference 
of Beijing's liaison office in Hong Kong's administration has opened a Pandora's box.
	Cheif Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor's government has been a puppet of 
Beijing since she took office. In line with the mission of legislating Article 23, Lam naively 
believed that she could use the Taiwan murder case as a decoy to amend Hong Kong's 
extradition laws, setting off the large-scale anti-extradition movement.
	Lam's inability to lead Hong Kong is evident. Talent and capital have already started
to flee. Goldin Financial rescinding its bid of HK$11.1 billions(US$1.42 billions) for the Kai Tak 
seafront plot is not an isolated incident. Anticipating competition from virtual banks, HSBC 
recently scrapped the minimum balance on savings accounts to stabilise its deposit base. Last 
month, Deutsche Bank cut a large number of jobs in Hong Kong as part of its global 
restructuring. Many multinational corporations are adopting similar strategies.

2019/12/04

	Thousands of Hong Kong-born people are returning to Canada
	Moody's rating agency identified Hong Kong's deteriorating economic 
autonomy in the run-up to 2047 as a risk that could result in a lowering of the city's
credit rating in the future. This would inevitably lead to capital outflows. Unlike in 
1997, the exodusof capital and people will not be mild. Hundreds of thousands of 
Hongkongers who have foreign passports or right of abode in other countries 
could leave.
	In the United States, members of Congress have reintorduced the 
bipartisan Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. Under the act, if China 
fails to ensure Hong Kong's high degree of autonomy, the US could revoke Hong 
Kong's high degree of autonomy, the US could revoke Hong Kong's special status 
under American law. If other Western countries follow suit, it would be the end of 
Hong Kong.
	Multinational corporations will move their Asia-Pacific headquarters to 
Singapore. Hong Kong would no longer play the irreplaceable role of interational 
financial centre. "Nylonkong", a ter coined by Time magazine to refer to the 
financial hubs of New York, London and Hong Kong, would be replaced by 
"Nylongpore". Since Singapore is also a bilingual country and an English common 
law jurisdiction, it is only a matter of time before it takes over from Hong Kong as 
the international financial centre in the Asia-Pacific.
	The only way for the Chinese and Hong Kong governments to turn the 
situation around is to face the fact that universal suffrage is necessary. Giving 
Hongkongers true democracy and formulating beneficial socioeconomic policies 
are the solutions to the current crisis. This is the only way to prevent consequences 
will be severe.

	Hong Kong protests: bitter stand-off inside Polytechnic University 
continues with as many as 100 activists still on campus, determined to evade capture 
				by Alvin Lum, Phila Siu 20 Nov, 2019
	No resolution to the bitter stand-off at Hong Kong Polytechnic University 
appeared to be in sight on Tuesday night as 60 to 100 protesters remained on campus,
determined to resist capture and not join the 1,000 who had so far either surrendered 
or been arrested. 
	The city's leader, Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, said on Tuesday that she 
hoped the impasse, entering its fourth day by Wednesday, could be resolved peacefully,
with those injured and aged under 18 handled in a humane manner.
	She pledged that the minnors would not be arrested but would only have their 
names recorded for the time being.
	 Since Sunday evening, police have surrounded the campus following a day of 
extremely violent clashes which the force declared to be a riot.
	On Monday, hard core radicals went on a rampage all over Kowloon, wreaking 
havoc by blocking roads and setting off petrol bombs in a bid to distract the police and 
thin out their ranks at the campus.
	Stretched of Nathan Road were damaged bt bricks, barricades and fire, with 
Tsim, Jordan, Yau Ma Tei and Mong Kok witnessing some of the night's most chaotic 
scenes that continued well into the early hours of Tuesday.
	Police fired 1,456 rounds of tear gas, 1,301 rubber bullets, 325 beanbag rounds
and 265 sponge grenades on Monday.
	Nearly half of US Senate backs Hong Kong democracy bill amid PolyU clashes
	More than 200 people were arrested at Pitt Street, Mong Kok on Monday 
night and will be charged for rioting, the largest number of people prosecuted  for the 
offence at the same time, according to police scources. They are expected to appear 
in West Kowloon Magistracy on Wednesday morning.
	Tuesday night offered a respite of sorts for police, with only about 100 protesters 
active in Mong Kok. The force maintained a light presence and nothing more came of the 
stand-off.
	At Polytechnic University's stand-off, about 800 protesters, including 300 aged 
under 18, had surrendered by Tuesday night while another 500 were arrested.
	Most were arrested for rioting offences which could result in a maximum penalty 
of 10 years in jail.
	'More than 200 radicals' to be charged for rioting in Yau Ma Tei
	The number of arrests on Monday was the highest for a single day since the 
protests, sparked in early June by opposition to an extradition bill and which snowballed 
into a wider anti-government movement.
	 Carrie Lam said the record high showed the government and police force were 
capable of handling the situation, dismissing suggestions that the People's Liberation 
Army could be called upon to restore order to the city.
	Asked about continuing speculation Sunday's district council elections could 
be postponed, Lam renewed her appeal for protesters to call a half to their violent tactics 
so that "just and fair" elections could be staged.
	Hundreds were evacuated overnight from inside the campus after 75 secondary 
school heads and teachers, along with political and legal heavyweights, persuaded them 
after coordinating with police.
	A few groups, numbering about a dozen each, also emerged on Tuesday with 
some suffering from hypothermia and leg injuries. In the evening, another 12 or so came 
out accompanied by opposition lawmarker Ted Hui Chi- fung, who was allowed to go home 
without being arrested.
	A group of more than 20 volunteer first aiders, some of whom had been inside 
the campus since at least Sunday, at 8pm announced they had performed their duties and 
would leave.
	"We want our safety to be guaranteed when we leave the school," a representative 
said, adding the number of protesters remaining had gone down and food and water were 
running low.
	A total of 280 injured protesters from PolyU were sent to 12 public hospitals in 
batches on Tuesday afternoon, a spokesman fron the Hospital Authority said.
	On Tuesday night, newly-minted Police Commissioner Chris Tang Ping-keung 
who took over the post on Monday made an appearance outside the campus to boost 
the morale of his men out in force for three days. 
	Auxiliary Bishop of Hong Kong Joseph Ha Chi-shing also visited the campus as 
he wanted to tell the young people inside to believe in hope, as he had heard they were 
ready to die defending the school.
	Extra secrurity, polling stations moved as Hong Kong readies for elections
	"I hope they can understand not everything can be solved in a day. At the 
moment I am here to listen to what [the protesters] want, I am not sure it is so easy to 
convince them to leave," he said.
	Over the course of the past three day, desperate but defiant protesters had 
tried various methods to break out from the campus, with two groups making a faied bid 
late on Tuesday night and were soon arrested by police.
	In the early hours of Tuesday, several climbed down a manhole leading to an 
underground tunnel, only to resurface through another drain also on campus.
	"It was disgusting [down there]," a masked man said. "We resorted to doing 
this because we did not know how else to seek help from the outside world."
	On Monday night, dozens of escapees abseiled seven metres from a campus 
footbridge onto a highway and were picked up by waiting motorcycles, resulting in 37 
arrests according to police but videos of this stunt went viral, with supporters cheering 
them on.

2019/12/05

https://www.scmp.com/news/hong-kong/politics/article/3038478/hong-kong-protests
-bitter-stand-inside-polytechnic
	New police chief faces challenge of ending unrest and winning trust
	By Tuesday evening, a Post reporter observed at least three teams still searching 
for an elusive exit from campus. One group of 20 had attempted to flee from nearby roads 
in the early afternoon, but their mission was aborted when police were seen patrolling 
near a flyover.
	Some defiant protesters said they would fight until they got arrested.
	"We will not turn ourselves in - that's conceding default," said Eric, 18, a student 
who had been on campus for three days. "We will just hide or maybe lock ourselves in a 
room."
	He said he had only slept for five hours during the past three days as he tried to 
find a way out or stay alert to any advance from police.
	Protesters estimated that about 60 to 100 of their peers remained on campus, 
with many of those still there not PolyU students or possibly having never attended any 
university.
	Among them was radical protester Sum Yiu, 25, who finished school when he 
was 19 and worked in various driving jobs since.
	"We just wanted to protect the students, but there are no students for us to 
protect," Yiu said. "We can't even protect ourselves.
	Police investigate alleged attect on Albert Ho
	He said he understood why some chose to go.
	"We are outnumbered and we can only hope police will not storm in," he said.
	At about 10.45 pm, a final group of volunteer first aid workers were led to a police 
cordon by the Science Museum to leave PolyU, accompanied by a lawyer. While the first aid 
workers were being searched by riot police, a small group of protesters attempted to escape,
making a break for it by climbing over a fence. However, they were spotted and more than 
10 were arrested.
	Speaking ahead of her weekly Executive Council meeting ealier on Tuesday, Lam 
said she had laid out two principles with police for handling the stand-off: that they were to 
resolve the incident peacefully and treat injured or underage protesters in a humanitarian 
manner.
	Describing the arrangement as exceptional, she said those under 18 had been 
allowed to go home after their personal details were recorded by police, with the force 
reserving the right to arrest them later.
	More than 8,000 petrol bombs primed for Hong Kong streets 'found at Chinese 
University'
	Lam also condemned Chinese University being turned into a "weapons factory", 
as police later revealed during their daily briefing that more than 3,000 unused petrol bombs
had been found on the Sha Tin campus on Monday, while 100 litres of concentrated acid 
was missing from the laboratories. A total of over 8000 petrol bombs had been founded on 
the campus, a source told the Post.
	At the same briefing, Senior Superintendent Kong Wing-cheung adressed allegations
of brutality when subding protesters.
	"They intentionally put up struggle and resistance no matter, to make room and create
time for others to rescue them," Kong siad. "In subduing these kinds of rioters, we have to do it 
quickly and with appropriate force."
	On Wednesday, defiant protesters are planning to block traffic and trains to revive their 
weekday campaign of chaos.
	Additional reporting by Karen Zhang, Kinling Lo, Zoe Low, Christy Leung and Lilian 
Cheng.

https://www.scmp.com/news/hong-kong/politics/article/3038365/hong-kong-protests-police
-siege-polytechnic-university
	Hong Kong protests: parents searching for children among PolyU radical protesters 
get caught in police lockdown
	Two fathers say they found their teenage sons, but could not get away from campus.
	Hundreds of radicals and supporters hold out overnight before surrendering on 
Tuesday. 
				by Sum Lok-kei, Chris Lau, Alvin Lum 19 Nov,2019
	The siege of Hong Kong's Polytechnic University by police trapped not only radical 
protesters, but also social workers, first-aid volunteers and parents who said they were there to 
get their children out.
	John, 58, stood with his son near the main entrance of the university in Hung Hom on 
Monday night, hoping to find a way out, after their earlier getaway attempt failed.
	Another father, Li, 45, mulled his next move after his plan to take his teenage son home 
also fell flat.
	It is not known how the fathers and their sons fared on Tuesday, when only a few dozen 
people were believed to be still inside the campu, a stark contrast to the scenes of violent clashes 
between police and hundreds of masked radicals earlier.
	A police lockdown led to hundreds eventually leaving overnight on Monday and on 
Tuesday. As of 3pm on Tuesday, police said, about 1,100 people from the campus and nearby had
been arrested or, if they were minors, had their particulars registered before they were allowed 
to go home. 
	About 600 left voluntarily, including 200 minors. The adults included 47 PolyU teaching 
and administrative staff.
	John said he arrived on Sunday to look for his 18-year-old son, a PolyU student. Then the 
situation took a turn for the worse. 
	Radicals at PolyU rained petrol bombs on police and set an armoured vehicle of the force
ablaze. Police responded with volleys of tear gas, then cut off all campus exits and ordered those 
inside to leave.
	Of those who emerged, only accerdited journalists were not arrested.

2019/12/06

	'Cold and hungry' radicals surrender as Lam tells police to let minors go home
	John and his son were still inside on Monday night when he said: "They said on Sunday we 
could leave, but we saw people ahead being arrested, no matter whether they were first aiders or 
kids. There were no options or room for negotiation."
	His son was thankful that his father had looked for him and found him, despite the intense 
clashes going on.
	"I am grateful, he has also come to some protests with me," the teenager said.
	Still inside early on Tuesday, John said all he wanted was for the two of them to get home 
safely.
	Li said his 15-year-old son went to the university on Saturday to providefirst aid. The father 
arrived to search for the boy the next day.
	"I did not do anything, I just came to get my kid," Li said. "I don't want to be arrested."
	The father and son found each other at 7pm on Sunday, by which police had already put the
campus on lockdown.
	Thousands hit Hong Kong streets in bid to end police campus siege 
	"I don't know who to turn to, to get out," Li said on Tuesday morning.
	It is not known what happened to John, Li and their sons afterwards.
	Social workers and volunteer first aiders were among those still inside the campus on Tuesday 
morning. Some first-aiders feared they would be arrested for rioting if they left the police checkpoints.
	A female social worker said she was on campus since Thursday, counselling youngsters among 
the protesters.
	The police decision to contain the radicals and their supporters within the campus had an 
emotional inpact on many, she said.
	They feared that they would be shot if they obeyed the police order to leave, she said, yet they 
were also worried that if they remained, there would bo no reporters present to witness what happended 
to them.
	Despite the threat of being arrested for rioting, the social worker said she did not regret going 
there.
	"We are not  the ones who have paid the heaviest price," she said. "I don't want to be on the 
sidelines."
	Anri-mask law ruling from Hong Kong judges slammed by Beijing
	Pak, a 20-year-old who described himself as a first-aider,said he was struggling to decide whether 
to leave. "I came to save people," he said.
	He said many first-aiders were considering surrendering because they did not want to risk 
harming police officers if they needed to use force to get out.
	In a daring episode on Monday night, dozens of people found a spot at the edge of the campus
and abseiled down a footbridge to a highway and took off in getaway vehicles.
	But many others remained on campus overnight, but on Tuesday mornig, some of those who 
decided to leave said they were cold and hungry.
	"We only had biscuits," a boy said. "We haven't eaten since yesterday afternoon."
	Rain Lau, 28, said some volunteers managed to cook some noodles on Monday night, but the 
situation had deteriorated and there was only packaged food.
	Lau said she went to the PolyU campus for a "safeguard children rally" on Saturday and ended
up being trapped there.
	She said she was too tired to stay much longer, even if it meant being arrested.
	"Lawyers have also told us we won't be charged immediately and can probably be bailed," she 
said. 
	Nathan, 18, was in group that left the campus on Tuesday morning, prepared to be arrested. 
His mother reported him to his school principal.
	Polytechnic University war zone: how radicals got boxed in by police.
	He said he and others tried several times throughout Monday to break through the police line 
and escape, but each time they failed and people were arrested.
	"Each time we lost 50, and then another 100, and the chance of walking out free slipped away,"
he said.
	Among the principals who spent Monday night on campus trying to persuade their students to 
leave was Joshua Lau Chi-kin, who said many refused to go because they did not want to leave others 
behind. 
	He spent three hours talking to two students, aged 15 and 16, advising them to leave on Tuesday 
morning.
	"Thy felt their comrades were still there," he said. "I could only tell them I was worried about them."
	On Tuesday afternoon, nine parents worried about their children were seen holding cardboard 
signs at the police cordon outside New Mandarin Plaza shopping centre in Tsim Sha Tsui.
	One poster said: "Always support and love you. Just want you to be safe!"
	The mother of a fourth-year Universiy of Hong Kong student said: "He is very peace-loving and is 
not a protester. He only went into the campus to support the movement. He is trapped inside with his 
girlfriend.
	"He wants to come out, but he said he was afraid to come out, most likely because the 
government will label him a rioter."
	Another mother, surname Lau, said her 20-year-old son was inside the campus. "As parents, we 
feel very helpless," she said.
	Another mother said: "As a parents, we only wish that they come out safely, and hope they won't
be treated unfairly."

	Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone
	Chapter 1 The Boy Who Lived
	Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly 
normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or 
mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsence.
	Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy
man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin blonde and
had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent  so much of her time 
craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in 
their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.

2019/12/07

	The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was 
that somebody would discovery it. They didn't think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters.
Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn't 
have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible 
to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The 
Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy was another 
good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that.
	When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing 
about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over 
the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped 
away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.
None of them notice a large, tawny owl fluffer past the window.
	At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to 
kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having tantrum and through his cereal at the walls.
	"Little tyke," chortled Mr.Dursley as he left the house. He got into his car and backed out of number 
four's drive.
	It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar -- a cat reading 
a map. For a second, Mr Dursley didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to look 
again. There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn't a maps or a signs. 
Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought 
of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
	But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else. As he sat in the usual 
morning traffic jam, he couldn't help noticing that there seemed to ba a lot of strangely dressed people
about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in funny cloths -- the getups you saw 
on young people! He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering 
wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering excitedly 
together. Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man had to be 
older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that 
this was probably some silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for somrthing ... yes, that would 
be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr.Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind 
back on drills.
	Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If he hadn't, he 
might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning. He didn't see the owls swooping past in 
daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl-free morning.
He yelled at five different people. He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. He was 
in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy 
himself a bun from the bakery.
	He'd forgotten all about the people in cloacks until he passed a group of them next to the baker's.
He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didn't know why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were 
whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin, It was on his way back past them, 
clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that ha caught a few words of what they were saying.
	"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard -- "
	"-- yes, their son, Harry--"
	Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to 
say something to them, but thought better of it.
	He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him,
seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the
receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking ... no, he was being stupid. Potter wasn't such an 
unusual name. He was sure there were lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry. Come to think 
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Harry. He'd never even seen the boy. It might have been 
Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her 
sister. He blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that ... but all the same, those people in cloaks ...
	He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five 
o'clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
	"Sorry," he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was a few seconds before Mr. 
Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak. He didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked 
to the ground. On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in squeaky voice that made 
passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who 
has gone at last! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!"

2019/12/08

	And the old man hugged Mr. Dursely around the middle and walked off.
	Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete stranger. He also thought
he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, 
hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn't approve of imagination.
	As he pulled into driveway of number four, the first thing he saw -- and inprove his mood -- was the 
tabby cat he'd spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the same one; it 
had the same marking around its eyes.
	"Shoo!" said Mr. Dursley loudly.
	The cat didn't move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley 
wondered. Trying to pull himself together, he let himself into the house. He was still determined not to 
mention anything to his wife.
	Mrs Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door's
problems with her daughter and how Dudley had learn a new word ("Won't!"). Mr. Dursley tried to act 
normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in the time to catch the last 
report on the evening news:  
	"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's owls have been 
behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight,
there have been hundreds of sighting of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise. Experts are 
unable to explain why owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern. "The newscater allowed 
himself a grin. "Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more 
showers of owls tonight, Jim?"
	"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not only the owls that have 
been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell 
me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps
 people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's not until next week, folks! But I can promise a wet 
night tonight. "
	Mr. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was no good. He'd have to say 
something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. "Er -- Petunia, dear -- you have't heard from your sister 
lately, have you? "
	As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all, they normally pretended 
she did't have a sister.
	"No," she said sharply. "Why?"
	"Funny stuff on the news, "Mr. Dursley mumbled. "Owls ... shooting stars ... and there were a lot 
of funny-looking people in the town today ..."
	"So?" snapped Mrs. Dursley.
	"Well, I just thought ... maybe ... it was something to do with ... you know ... her crowd."
	Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell 
her he'd heard the name "Potter." He decided he didn't dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, "
Their son -- he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?"
	"I suppose so," said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.
	"What's his name again? Howard, isn't it?"
	"Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me."
	"Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. "Yes, I quite agree."
	He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley was 
in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. The 
cat was still there. It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something.

2019/12/09

	Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the Potters? If it did ... if it got 
out that they were related to a pair of --well, he didn't think he could bear it.
	The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it 
all over in his mind. His last, conforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were 
involved, there was no reason for them them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very 
well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind ... He couldn't see how he and Petunia could
get mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over -- it couldn't affect them.
	How very wrong he was.
	Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was 
showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner 
of Privet Drive. It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two 
owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.
	A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently 
you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the ground. The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
	Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging
by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing 
long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were 
light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as 
though it had been broken at least twice. The man's name was Albus Dumbledore.
	Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything 
from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something.
But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was 
still staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to 
amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, "I should have known."
	He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket, it seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter.
He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. 
He clicked it again -- the next lamp flickered into darckness. Twelve timed he clicked the Put-Outer, until 
the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see 
anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his 
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat. He 
didn't look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.
	"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall."
	He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling at a rather severe
-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around
its eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She 
looked distinctly ruffled.
	"How did you know it was me?" she asked.
	"My dear Professor, I've never seen a cat sit so stiffly."
	"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said Professor McGonagall.
	"All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties
on my way here."
	Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.
	"Oh yes, I've celebrating, all right," she said impatiently. "You'd think they'd be a bit more careful,
but no -- even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." She jerked her 
head back at the Dursley's dark living-room window. "I heard it. Flocks of owls ... shooting stars ... well,
they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll
bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense."
	"You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious little to celebrate for 
eleven years."
	"I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably. "But that's no reason to lose our heads. People
are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, 
swapping rumors."
	She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell 
her something, but he didn't, so she went on. "A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who
seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, 
Dumbledore?"
	"It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for
a lemon drop?"
	"A what?"
	"A lemond drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of."
	"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't think this was the 
moment for a lemon drops. "As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone--"
	"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name? All this '
You-Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his 
proper name: Voldemort." Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two 
lemon drops, semmed not to notice. "It all gets so confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have
never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name."

2019/12/10

	"I know you haven't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. 
"But you're different. Eveyone knows you're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was 
frightened of."
	"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will never have."
	"Only because you're too -- well --noble to use them."
	"It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my 
new earmuffs."
	Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said "The owls are nothing next 
to the rumors that are flying around. You know what they're saying? About why he's disappeared? 
About what finally stopped him?"
	It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss,
the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman 
had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever 
"everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. 
Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not 
answer.
	"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric's 
Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are --- are --- that they're --
dead."
	Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
	"Lily and James ... I can't believe it ... I didn't want to believe it ... Oh, Albus ..."
	Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know ... I know ... " he said heavily.
	Professor McGonagall's voice tremble as she went on. "That's not all. They're saying he tried 
to kill the Potter's son, Harry. But he couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, 
but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's power somehow broke -- and 
that's why he's gone."
	Dumbledore nodded glumly.
	"It's -- it's true? " faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all he's done ... all the people he's 
killed ... he couldn't kill a little boy? It's just astounding ... of all the things to stop him ... but how in the 
name of heaven did Harry survive?"
	"We can only guess," said Dumbledore."We may never know."
	Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her 
spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it. 
It was a very odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving 
around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his 
pocket and said, "Hagrid's late. I suppose it was he who told you I'd be here, by the way?"
	"Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're 
here, of all places?"
	"I've come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family he has left now."
	"You don't mean - you can't mean the people who live here?" cried Professor McGonagall, 
jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. "Dumbledore -- you can't. I've been watching them 
all day. You couldn't find two people who are less like us. And they've got this son -- I saw him kicking 
his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come and live here!"
	"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly. "His aunt and uncle will be able to 
explain everthing to him when he's older. I've written them a letter."
	"A letter?" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. "Really, 
Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! 
He'll be famous -- a legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day in the
future -- there will be books written about Harry -- every child in our world will know his name!"
	"Exactly." said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. "It 
would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before he can walk and talk! Famous for something 
he won't even remember! Can you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away from all that 
until he's ready to take it?"
	Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, "Yes 
-- yes, you're right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?" She eyed his cloak 
suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.
	"Hagrid's bringing him."
	"You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?"
	"I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.
	"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, "but 
you can't pretend he's not careless. He does tend to -- what was that?"
	A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew steadily louder as they 
looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up 
at the sky -- a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.
	If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it. He was almost twice as 
tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild
-- long tangles of bushy black hair and bread hid most of his face, he had hands the size of a trash can 
lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms he was 
holding a bundle of blankets.

2019/12/11

	"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get that 
motorcycle?"
	"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir," said that giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle 
as he spoke."Young Sirius Black lent it to me. I've got him, sir."
	"No problem, were there?"
	"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started 
swarmin' around. He fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol."
	Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just 
visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a 
curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.
	"Is that where -- ?" whispered Professor McGonagall.
	"Yes, said Dumbledore."He'll have that scar forever."
	"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"
	"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come handy. I have one myself above my left knee that
is perfect map of the London Underground. Well -- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over 
with."
	Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and found toward the Dursleys' house.
	"Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir?" asked Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head 
over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scartchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid 
let out a howl like a wounded dog. 
	"Shhh!" hissed Professor McGonagall, "You'll wake the Muggles!"
	"S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large , spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.
"But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead -- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles--"
	"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor 
McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have 
gone out.
	"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well 
go and join the celebrations."
	"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor 
McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir."
	Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle 
and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night .
	"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor MvGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to her. 
Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
	Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took 
out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so
that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the 
corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number 
four.
	"Good luck, Harry," he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was 
gone.
	A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky,
the very place you expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets 
without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he 
was special, nit knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs.
Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spent the 
next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley ... He couldn't know that at this very 
moment, people meeting in secrete all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in 
hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived!"
Chapter 2 The Vanishing Glass
	Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the 
front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and 
lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living room, which was 
almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley seem that fateful news report 
about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing 
different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs 
showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game
with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy 
lived in the house, too.
	Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep ar the moment, but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was 
awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noice of the day.
	"Up! Get up! Now!"
	Harry woke with a start. Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of 
the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back and tried to remember the dream he 
had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny 
feeling he'd had the same dream before.
	His aunt was back outside the door. 
	"Are you up yet?" she demanded.
	"Nearly," said Harry.
	"Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you dare let it burn, I 
want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday."
	Harry groaned.
	"What did you say?" his aunt snapped through the door.
	"Nothing, nothing ..."
	Dudley's birthday -- how could he have forgotten? Harry git slowly out of bed and started 
looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them 
on. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was 
where he slept.
	When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden 
beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as though Dudley had gotten the new computer he 
wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing 
bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise -- unless of course it involved 
punching somebody. Dudley's favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn't often catch him. Harry 
didn't look it, but he was very fast.

2019/12/12

	Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been 
small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had
to wear were old clothes of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a
thin face, knobby knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses held togther with a 
lot of Scotch tape because of all times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked
about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning.
He had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his
Aunt Pentunia was how he had gotten it.
	"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask questions."
	Don't ask questions V that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.
	Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.
	"Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
	About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that 
Harry  needed a haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put 
together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way -- all over the place.
	Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Dudley 
looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and 
thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked 
like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
	Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasn't 
much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His face fell.
	"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father."That's two less than last year."
	"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here under this big one 
from Mummy and Daddy."
	"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face. Harry, who could see a 
huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley 
turned the table over.
	Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And we'll buy you 
another two presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right?"
	Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have 
thirty ... thirty ... "
	"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.
	"Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then."
	Uncle Vernon chuckled.
	"Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled 
Dudley's hair.
	At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and 
Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, 
sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt 
Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
	"Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take him. "She jerked 
her head in Harry's direction.
	Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap. Every year on Dudley's 
birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants,
 or the movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets 
away. Harry hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at 
photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned.
	"Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd planned this. Harry
 knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he remainded 
himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.
	"We can phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.
	"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy."
	The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't there -- or rather, as 
though he was something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like a slug.
	"What about what's-her-name, your friend -- Yvonne?"
	"On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia.
	"You could just leave me here," Harry put in hopefully (he'd be able to watch what he 
wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley's computer).
	Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.
	"And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled.
	"I won't blow up the house," said Harry, but they weren't listening.
	"I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "... and leave him in the
car ... "
	"That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone ..."
	Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had been years since he'd 
really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him 
anything he wanted.
	"Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special day!" she cried, 
flinging her arms around him.
	"I ... don't ... want ... him ... t-t-to come!" Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. "He 
always s-spoils everything!" He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
	Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!" said Aunt Petunia frantically -- 
and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny
boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while 
Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.

2019/12/13

	Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursley's
car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn't 
been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncel Vernon had taken 
Harry aside.
	"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry's, "I'm 
warning you now, boy -- any funny business, anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now
until Christmas."
	"I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly ..."
	But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him. No one ever did.
	The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good 
telling the Dursleys he didn't make tham happen. 
	Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry comming back from the barbers looking as though he 
hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald 
except for his bangs, which she left "to hide that horrible scar." Dudley had laughed at for his baggy 
clothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had
been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off. He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even 
though he had tried to explain that he couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.
	Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of 
Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls). The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it 
seemed to become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit Harry. 
Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasn't 
punished.
	On the other hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the 
school kitchens. Dudley's gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry's surprise as 
anyone else's, there he was sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter from
Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings. But all he'd tried to do 
(as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big 
trash cans outside the kitchen door. Harry supposed that the wind must have caught him in mid-jump.
But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with Dudley and Piers to
be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg's cabbage-smelling 
living room.
	While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to complain about 
things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning,
it was motorcycle.
	"I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly. "It was flying."
	Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around in his seat and 
yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"
	Dudley and Piers sniggered. 
	"I know they don't," said Harry. "It was only a dream."
	But he wished he hadn't said anything. If there was one thing the Dursleys hated even more
than his asking questions, it was his talking about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it 
was in a dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas.
	It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The Dursleys bought 
Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the 
van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap 
lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its 
head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn't blond.
	Harry had the best morning he'd had in a long time. He was careful to walk a little way apart 
from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by 
lunchtime, wouldn't fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, 
and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn't have enough ice cream on top,
Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
	Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.
	After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in there, with lit windows all 
along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits 
of wood and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing 
pythons. Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its body twice 
aroud Uncle Vernon's car and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in the 
mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
	Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.
	"Make it move," he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake 
didn't budge.
	"Do it again," Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but 
the snake just snoozed on. 
	"This is boring," Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.
	Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He wouldn't have been 
surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no company except stupid people drumming their fingers
on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where 
the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he go to visit the 
rest of the house.

2019/12/14

The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes
were on a level with Harry's.
	It winked.
	Harry stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was watching. They weren't. 
He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
	The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the 
ceiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:
	"I gey that all the time."
	"I know," Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the snake could hear 
him. "It must be really annoying."
	The snake nodded vigorously.
	"Where do you come from, anyway?" Harry asked.
	The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Harry peered at it.
	Boa Constrictor, Brazil.
	"Was it nice there?"
	The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was 
bred in the zoo. "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to Brazil?"
	As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump. "
DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!"
	Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
	"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Harry in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard 
on the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, 
Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of 
horror.
	Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank had vanished. The 
great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile 
house screamed and started running for the exits.
	As the snake slid swiftly pasr him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, "Brazil, 
here I come ... Thanksss, amigo."
	The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
	"But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?"
	The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized 
over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't 
done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in 
Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was 
swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming 
down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?"
	Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was 
so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he 
collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
	Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He didn't know what 
time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet. Until they were, he couldn't risk 
sneaking to the kitchen for some food.
	He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could 
remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his patents had died in that car crash. He couldn't 
remember being in the car when his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory 
during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light 
and a burning pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though he couldn't image where
all the green light came from. He couldn't remember his parents at all. His aunt and uncle never spoke
about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in 
the house.
	When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation 
coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes
he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers 
they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt 
Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed
all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple coat had 
actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The 
weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Harry tried to 
get a closer look.
	At school, Harry had no one. Every body knew that Dudley's gang hated that odd Harry 
Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Dudley's gang.

	Chapter 3 Letters from No One
	The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever punishment. By 
the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had 
already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his 
racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.
	Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley's gang, who visited the 
house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was 
the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in 
Dudley's favorite sport: Harry Hunting.
	This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and
thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came 
he would be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be with Dudley.
Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going 
there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school. Dudley 
thought this was very funny.

2019/12/16

	"They stuff people's heads down the toilt the first day at Stonewall," he told Harry. "Want to 
come upstairs and practice?"
	"No, thanks," said Harry. "The poor toilt's never had anything as horrible as your head down 
it -- it might be sick. "Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he'd said.
	One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smelting uniform, leaving 
Harry at Mrs. Figg's. Mrs. Figg wasn't as bad as usual. It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over 
one of her cats, and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Harry watch television 
and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though she'd has it for several years.
	That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new 
uniform. Smeltings' boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knicherbockers, and flat straw hats called 
boaters. They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren't 
looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life.
	As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the 
proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle
Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown-up. Harry didn't trust himself to speak. He thought 
two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.
	There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfast.
It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of 
what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water.
	"What's this?" he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask 
a question.
	"Your new school uniform," she said.
	Harry looked in the bowl again. 
	"Oh," he said,"I didn't realize it had to be so wet."
	"Don't be stupid," snapped Aunt Petunia. "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old things gray for 
you. It'll look just like everyone else's when I've finished."
	Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat down at the table and 
tried not to think about how he was going to look on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was 
wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.
	Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from 
Harry's new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting 
stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.
	They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.
	"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.
	"Make Harry gey it."
	"Get the mail, Harry."
	"Make Dudley get it."
	"Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley."
	Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things lay on the doormat:
a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown 
envelope that looked like a bill, and -- a letter for Harry.
	Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic band. No one, ever, 
in his whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't 
belong to the library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back. Yet here it was, a letter, 
addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:
Mr. H. Potter
The Cupboard under the Stairs
4 Privet Drive
Little Whinging
Surrey
	The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was 
written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
	Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat 
of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.
	"Hurry up, boy!" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. "What are you doing, checking for
letter bombs?" He chuckled at his own joke.
	Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed Uncle Vernon the bill 
and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.
	Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.
	"Marge's ill," he informed Aunt Petunia. "Ate a funny whelk ... "
	"Dad!" said Dudley suddenly. "Dad, Harry's got something!"
	Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy 
parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.
	"That's mine!" said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
	"Who'd be writing to you?" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand 
and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. And it didn't stop
there. Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.
	"P-P-Petunia!" he gasped.
	Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach. Aunt
Petunia took it curiously and read the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She
clutched her throat and made a choking noise.
	"Vernon! Oh my goodness -- Vernon!"
	They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the
room. Dudley wasn't used to being ignored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his 
Smelting stick.
	"I want to read that letter," he said loudly.
	"I want to read it," said Harry furiously, "as it's mine."
	"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.
	Harry didn't move.
	"I WANT MY LETTER!" he shouted.
	"Let me see it!" demanded Dudley.
	"OUT!" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their 
necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them. Harry and Dudley 
prompty had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his 
glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.

2019/12/17

	"Vernon,"Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the address -- how could 
they possibly know where he sleeps? You don't think they're watching the house?"
	"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon wildly.
	"But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we don't want --"
	Harry could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen. 
	"No," he said finally. "No, we'll ignore it. If they don't get an answer ... Yes, that's best ... we 
won't do anything ..."
	"But --"
	"I'm not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn't we swear when we took him in we'd stamp
out that dangerous nonsense?"
	That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd never done 
before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
	"Where's my letter?" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door.
"Who's writting to me?"
	"No one. It was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly. "I have burned it."
	"It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "it had my cupboard on it."
	"SILENCE!" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceilling. He took a few
deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful.
	"Er -- yes, Harry -- about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been thinking ... you're really 
getting a bit big for it ... we think it might be nice if you moved into Dudley's second bedroom.
	"Why?" said Harry.
	"Don't ask questions!" snapped his uncle. "Take this stuff upstairs, now."
	The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for 
visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all 
the toys and things that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom. It only took Harry one trip upstairs to 
move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He sat down on the bed and stared 
around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a 
small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door nieghbor's dog; in the corner was 
Dudley's first-ever television set, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school for 
a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley had sat on it. Other 
shelves were full of books. They were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never
been touched.
	From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't want him in there 
... I need that room ... make him get out ..."
	Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he'd have given anything to be up 
here. Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it.
	Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in shock. He'd screamed,
whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his 
tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back. Harry was thinking about
this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opend the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon and Aunt 
Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.
	When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made 
Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall. 
Then he shouted, "There's another one! 'Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"
	With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right 
behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was 
made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a 
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon 
straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry's letter clutched in his hand.
"Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Harry."Dudley -- go -- just go."
	Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out of his cupboard and
they seemed to know he hadn't recevied his first letter. Surely that meant they'd try again? And this
time he'd make sure they didn't fail. He had a plan.
	The repaired alarm clock rang at six o'clock the next morning. Harry turned it off quickly and
dressed silently. He mustn't wake the Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the 
lights.
	He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for 
number four first. His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door --
	"AAAAARRRGH!"
	Harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat -- something
alive!
	Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something 
had been his uncle's face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag,
clearly maling sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do. He shouted at Harry for
about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. Harry shuffled miserably off into 
the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap. Harry 
could see three letters addressed in green ink.
	"I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes.
	Uncle Vernon didn't go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.
	"See," he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, "if they can't deliver them
they'll just give up."
	"I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon."
	"Oh, there people's mind work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not like you and me," said 
Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.

2019/12/18

	On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldn't go through the mail
slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the
small window in the downstairs bathroom.
	Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got out a hammer and 
nails and boared up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. He hummed "
Tiptoe Through the Tulips" as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
	On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to Harry found their way 
into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused 
milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious 
telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia
shredded the letters in her food processor.
	"Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?" Dudley asked Harry in amazement.
	On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill,
but happy.
	"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, "
no damn letters today --"
	Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the 
back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets.
The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one --
	"Out! OUT!"
	Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall. When Aunt Petunia and
Dudley had run out with thier arms over their faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could 
hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
	"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his 
mustache at the same time. "I want you all back here in five minutes ready to leave. We're going away.
Just pack some clothes. No arguments!"
	He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue. Ten minutes 
later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward 
the highway. Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding 
them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.
	The drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they were going. Every now 
and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while.
	"Shake 'em off ... shake 'em off," he would mutter whenever he did this.
	They didn't stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was howling. He'd never had such
a bad day in his life. He was hungry, he'd missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and 
he'd never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
	Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. 
Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets.Dudley snored but Harry stayed 
awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering ...
	They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day. They 
had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table.
	"Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an'undered of these at the front 
desk."
	She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
Mr. H. Potter
Room 17
Railview Hotel
Cokeworth
	Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out of the way. The woman 
stared.
	"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following her from the dining 
room.
	Wouldn't it be better just to go home, dear?" Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but 
Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her. Exactly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove 
them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off
they went again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension 
bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.
	"Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Uncle 
Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.
	It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dudley sniveled.
	"It's Monday," he told his mother."The Great Humberto's on tonight. I want to stay somewhere 
with a television."
	"Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was Monday -- and you could usually count on 
Dudley to know the days the week, because of television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry's eleventh
birthday. Of course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys had given him a 
coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks. Still, you weren't eleven every day.
	Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long, thin package and didn't 
answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he'd bought.
	"Found the perfect place!" he said."Come on! Everyone out!"
	It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock 
way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One 
thing was certain, there was no television in there.
	"Srorm forecast fot tonight!" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together."And 
this gentleman's kindly agreed to lend us his boat!"
	A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old 
rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.
	"I've already got us some rations,"said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!"
	It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind 
whipped their faces.

2019/12/19

	After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding,
led the way to the broken-down house.
	The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in
the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms.
	Uncle Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. He tried to 
start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.
	"Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he said cheerfully.
	He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here 
in a storm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
	As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the high waves splattered the 
walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the fifthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets 
in the second room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-earen sofa. She and Uncle Vernon went off 
to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl 
up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.
	The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Harry couldn't sleep. He 
shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger. Dudley's snores
were drowned by the low rows of thunder that started neat midnight. The lighted dial of Dudley's 
watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry he'd be eleven in ten
minutes' time. He lay and watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would remember 
at all. wondering where the letter writer was now.
	Five minutes to go. Harry heard something creak outside. He hoped the roof wasn't going to fall 
in, although he might be warmer if it did. Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be
so full of letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.
	Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like that? And (two minutes to
go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was the rock crumbling into the sea?
	One minute to go and he's be eleven. Thirty seconds ... twenty ... ten ... nine -- maybe he'd 
wake Dudley up just to annoy him -- three ... two ... one...
	BOOM.
	The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door. Someone was outside, 
knocking to come in.

	Chapter 4 The Keeper of the Keys
	BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake.
	"Where's the cannon?" he said stupidly.
	There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room. He was holding a 
rifle in his hands - now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
	"Who's there?" he shouted."I warn you -- I'm armed!"
	There was a pause. Then --
	SMASH!
	The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash
landed flat on the floor.
	A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost completely hidden by a long,
shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black 
beetles under all the hair.
	The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling. 
He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back into its frame. The noise of the storm 
outside dropped a little. He turned to look at them all.
	"Couldn't make us a cup o'tea, could yeh? It's not been an easy journey..."
	He stode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.
	"Budge up, yeh great lump,"said the stranger.
	Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle
Vernon.
	"An' here's Harry!" said the giant.
	Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled
in a smile.
	"Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said the giant."Yeh look a lot like yer dad, but 
yeh've got yer mom's eyes."
	Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
	"I demand that you leave at once, sir!" he said."You are breaking and entering!"
	"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa,
jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of 
rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.
	Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
	"Anyway -- Harry," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a very happy birthday to
yeh. Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on it at some point, but it'll taste all right."
	From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it 
with trembling fingers. Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on
it in green icing.
	Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to 
his mouth, and what he said instead was,"Who are you?"
	The giant chuckled.
	"True, I haven't introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts."
	He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry's whole arm.
	"What about that tea then, eh?" he said, rubbing his hands together. "I'd not say no ter 
summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind."
	His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted. He bent 
down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, 
there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the 
warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.

2019/12/20

	The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts 
of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a
teapot, several chipped mugs and a bottle of some amber liquid which he took a swig from before 
starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a 
thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages 
from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, 'Don't touch anything he gives 
you, Dudley.'The giant chuckled darkly.
	'Yer great puddin' of a son don' need fattenin' any more, Dursley, don' worry.'
	He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, 
but he still couldn't take his eyes off the giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything,
he said, 'I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are.'
	The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
	'Call me Hagrid,' he said, 'everyone does. An' like I told yeh, I'm Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts
 V yeh'll know all about Hogwarts,o' course.'
	'Er V no,' said Harry.
	Hagrid looked shocked.
	'Sorry,' Harry said quickly.
	'Sorry?' barked Hagrid, turnning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows. 
'It's them as should be sorry! I knew yeh weren't gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't 
even know abou' Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yer parents learnt it all?'
	'All what?' asked Harry.
	'ALL WHAT?' Hagrid thundered. 'Now wait jus' one second!'
	He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut. The Dursleys were 
cowering against the wall.
	'Do you mean ter tell me,' he growled at the Dursleys, 'that this boy-this boy!-knows nothin'
abou' - about ANYTHING?'
	Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after all, and his marks weren't 
bad.
	'I know some things,' he said. 'I can, you know, do maths and stuff.'
	But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, 'About our world, I mean. Your world. My world. Yer 
parents' world.'
	'What world?'
	Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
	'Dursley!' he boomed.
	Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded liked 'Mimblewimble'.
Hagrid started wildly at Harry.
	'But yeh must know about yer mum and dad,' he said.'I mean, they're famous. You're famous.'
	'What? My-my mum and dad weren't famous, were thay?'
	'Yeh don' know ... yeh don' know ...' Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry 
with a bewildered stare.
	'Yeh don' know what yeh are?' he said finally.
	Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.
	'Stop!' he commanded.'Stop right there, sir! I forbid you to tell the boy anything!'
	A brave man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him;
when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.
	'You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there!
I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An' you've kept it from him all these years?'
	'Kept what from me?' said Harry eagerly.
	'STOP! I FORBID YOU!' yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
	Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.
	'Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.
	'Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh,' said Hagrid. 'Harry-yer a wizard.'
	There was silence inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.
	'I'm a what?' gasped Harry.
	'A wizard, o'course,' said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even 
lower, 'an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once yeh've been trained up a bit. With a mum an' dad like 
yours, what else would yeh be? An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter.'
	Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green
to Mr H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea, He pulled out the letter and read:
	HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY
	Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore
	(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed.
of Wizards)
Dear Mr Potter,
	We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and 
Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.
	Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.
Yours sincerely, 
Minerva McGonagall
Deputy Headmistress
	Questions exploded inside Harry's head like fireworks and he couldn't decide which to ask first.
After a few minutes he stammered, 'What does it mean, they await my owl?'
	'Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me,' said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough 
force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl - a 
real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl - a long quill and a roll of parchment. With his tongue between 
his teeth he scribbled a note which Harry could read upside-down:
	Dear Mr Dumbledore,
		Given Harry his letter. Taking him to buy his things tomorrow. Weather's horrible. 
	Hope you're well.
	Hagrid
	Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to the door 
and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as 
talking on the telephone.
	Harry realised his mouth was open and closed it quickly. 
	'Where was I?' said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking 
very angry, moved into the firelight.
	'He's not going,' he said.
	Hagrid grunted.
	'I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him,' he said.
	'A what?' said Harry, interested.
	'A Muggle,' said Hagrid. 'It's what we called non-magic folk like them. An' it's your bad luck 
you grew up in a family o'the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.'
	'We,swore when we tool him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish,' said Uncle Vernon, 'swore we'd
stamp it out of him! Wizard, indeed!'

2019/12/23

	'You knew?' said Harry. 'You knew I'm a - a wizard?'
	'Knew!' shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. 'Knew! Of course we knew! How could you not be, my 
dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that - 
that school - and came home evert holiday with her pockets full of frog-spawn, turning teacups into 
rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was - a freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, 
it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!'
	She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to 
say all this for years.
	'Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I 
knew you'd be just the same, just as strange, just as - as -abnormal - and then, if you please, she 
went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!'
	Harry had gone very white. As soon as he found his voice he said, 'Blown up? You told me they 
died in a car crash!'
	'Car Crash!' roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their 
corner.'How could a car crash kill Lily an' James Potter? It's an outrage! A scandal! Harry Potter not
knowin' his own story when every kid in our world knows his name!'
	'But why? What happened?' Harry asked urgently.
	The anger faded from Hagrid's face. He looked suddenly asxious.
	'I never expected this,' he said, in a low, worried voice.'I had no idea, when Dumbledore told 
me there might be trouble gettin' hold of yeh, how much yeh didn't know. Ah, Harry, I don't know if I'm
the right person tell yeh - but someone's gotta - yeh can't go off ter Hogwarts not knowin'.'
	He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.
	'Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh - mind, I can't tell yeh everythin', it's a 
great myst'ry, parts of it ...'
	He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds and then said,'It begains, I suppose, with -
with a person called - but it's incredible yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows-'
	'Who?'
	'Well - I don't like sayin' the name if I can help it. No one does.'
	'Why not?'
	'Gulpin' gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared. Blimey, this is difficult. See, there was this wizard 
who went ... bad. As bad as you could go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was ... '
	Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
	'Could you write it down?' Harry suggested.
	'Nah - can't spell it. All right - Voldemort.' Hagrid shuddered. 'Don't make me say it again. Anyway,
this - this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookin' fer followers. Got'em, too - some were afraid,
some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin' himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry. Didn't 
know who ter trust, didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches ... Terrible things happened. He 
was takin' over. 'Course, some stood up to him - an' he killed 'em. Horribly. One o' the only safe places left 
was Hogwarts. Reckon Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didn't dare try takin' the 
school, not jus' then, anyway.
	'Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I ever knew. Head Boy an' Girl at 
Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the myst'ry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side bifore ...
probably knew they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the Dark Side.
	'Maybe he thought he could persuade 'em ... maybe he just wanted 'em outta the wat. All anyone 
knows is, he turned up in the village where you was all living, on Hallowe'en ten years ago. You was just a 
year old. He came ter yer house an'- an'-'
	Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like 
a foghorn.
	'Sorry,' he said. 'But it's that sad - knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer people yeh couldn't find - 
anyway -
	'You-Know-Who killed 'em. An' then - an' this is the real myst'ry of the thing - he tried to kill you, 
too. Wanted ter make a clean job of it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin' by then. But he couldn't do it.
Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no ordinary cut. That's what yeh get 
when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh - took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even - but it didn't 
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Harry. No one ever lived after he decided ter kill 'em, no one except 
you, an' he'd killed some o' the best witches an' wizards of the age - the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewtts -
an' you was only a baby, an' you lived.'
	Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind. As Hagrid's story came to a close, he saw 
again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before - and he 
remembered something else, for the first time in his life - a high, cold, cruel laugh.
	Hagrid was watching him sadly.
	'Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Brought yeh ter this lot ... '
	'Load of old tosh,' said Uncle Vernon. Harry jumped, he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys 
were there. Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to have got back his courage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his 
fists were clenched.
	'Now, you listen here boy,' he snarled. 'I accept there's somthing strange about you, probably 
nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured - and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos,
no denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion - asked for all they got, getting mixed 
up with these wizarding types - just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end -'
	
2019/12/24

	But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his
coat. Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, 'I'm warning you, Dursley - I'm warning you - one 
more word ...'
	In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a beared giant, Uncle Vernon's courage 
failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.
	'That's better,' said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time 
sagged right down to the floor.
	Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.
	'But what happened to Vol - sorry - I mean, You-Know-Who?'
	'Good question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even 
more famous. That's the biggest myst'ry, see ... he was gettin' more an' more powerful - why'd he go?
	'Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die.
Some say he's still out there, bidin' his time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on his side came back 
ter ours. Some of 'em came outta kinda trances. Don' reckon they could've done if he was comin' back.
	'Most of us reckon he's still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. 'Cause 
somethin' about you finished him, Harry. There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on - I 
dunno what it was, no one does - but somethin' about you stumped him, all right.'
	Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling 
pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How could he possibly
be? He'd spent his life being clouted by Dudley and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was 
really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his 
cupboard? If he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Durdley had always been able 
to kick him around like a football?
	'Hagrid,' he said quietly, 'I think you must have make a mistake. I don't think I can be a wizard.'
	To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
	'Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared, or angry?'
	Harry looked into the fire. Now he came to think about it ... every odd thing that had ever made his aunt
and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry ... chased by Dudley's gang, he 
had somehow found himself out of their reach ... dreading going to school with that ridiculous hair-cut, he'd 
managed to make it grow back ... and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his revenge, without 
even realising he was doing it? Hadn't he set a boa constrictor on him?
	Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.
	'See?' said Hagrid. 'Harry Potter, not a wizard - you wait, you'll be right famous at Hogwarts.'
	But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.
	'Haven't I told you he's not going?' he hissed. 'He's going to Stonewall High and he'll be grateful for 
it. I've read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish - spell books and wands and - '
	'If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him,' growled Hagrid. 'Stop Lily an' James 
Potter's son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad. His name's been down ever since he was born. He's off ter the finest 
school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he won't know himself. He'll be with 
youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an' he'll be under the greatest Headmaster Hogwarts ever had, Albus 
Dumbled-'
	'I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!' yelled Uncle Vernon.
	But he had finally gone too far. Harry seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head. 'NEVER -' he 
thundered,'- INSULT - ALBUS - DUMBLEDORE - IN - FRONT - OF - ME!'
	He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley - there was a flash of violet 
light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal and next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands 
clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig's tail 
poking through a hole in his trousers.
	Uncle Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look
at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.
	Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his bear. 
	'Shouldn'ta lost me temper,' he said ruefully, 'but it didn't work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig,
but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do.'
	He cast a sideways looked at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.
	'Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,' he said. 'I'm - er - not supposed ter do 
magic, strictly speakin'. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff - one o' 
the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job-'
	'Why aren't you supposed to do magic?' asked Harry.
	'Oh, well - I was at Hogwarts meself but I - er - got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In my third year. 
They snapped me wand in half an' eveything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore.'
	'Why were you expelled?'
	'It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow,' said Hagrid loudly. 'Gotta get up ter town, get 
all yer books an' that.'
	He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.
	'You can kip under that,' he said. 'Don' mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o'
dormice in one o' the pockets.'

2019/12/25

	Chapter 5 Diagon Alley
	Harry woke early the next morning. Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
	'It was a dream,' he told himself firmly. 'I dreamed a giant called Hagrid came to tell me I was going 
to a school for wizards. When I open my eyes I'll be at home in my cupboard.'
	There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.
	'And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door,' Harry thought, his heat sinking. But he still didn't 
open his eyes. It had been such a good dream.
	Tap. Tap. Tap.
	'All right,' Harry mumbled, 'I'm getting up.'
	He sat up and Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid 
himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in 
its beak.
	Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him. He went
straight to the window and jerked it open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who 
didn't wake up. The owl then fluttered on to the floor and began to attack Hagrid's coat.
	'Don't do that.'
	Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on 
savaging the coat.
	'Hagrid!' said Harry loudly. 'There's an owl - '
	'Pay him,' Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
	'What?'
	'He wants payin' fer deliverin' the paper. Look in the pockets.'
	Hagrid's coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets - bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string,
mint humbugs, teabags ... finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.
	'Give him five Knuts,' said Hagrid sleepily.
	'Knuts?'
	'The little bronze ones.'
	Harry counted out five little bronze coins and the owl held out its leg so he could put the money into a
small leather pouch tied to it. Then it flew off through the open window.
	Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up and stretched.
	'Best be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy all yer stuff fer school.'
	Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them. He had just thought of something which made
him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.
	'Um - Hagrid?'
	'Mm?' said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
	'I haven't got any money - and you heard Uncle Vernon last night - he won't pay for me to go and learn 
magic.'
	'Don't worry about that,' said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his head. 'D'yeh think yer parents 
didn't leave yeh anything?'
	'But if their house was destroyed - '
	'They didn't keep theit gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is Gringotts. Wizards' bank. Have 
a sausage, they're not bad cold - an' I wouldn' say no teh a bit o'yer birthday cake, neither.'
	'Wizards have banks?'
	'Just the one, Gringotts. Run by goblins.'
	Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
	'Goblins?'
	'Yeah - so yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, I'll tell yeh that. Never mess with goblins, Harry. Gringotts is
 the safest place in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe - 'cept  maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o' fact,
I gotta visit Gringotts anyway. Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts business.' Hagrid drew himself up proudly. 'He 
usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. Fetchin' you - gettin' things from Gringotts - knows he can trust 
me, see.
	'Got eveythin'? Come on, then.'
	Harry followed Hagrid out on to the rock. The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the 
sunlight. The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
	'How did you get here?' Harry asked, looking around for another boat.
	'Flew,' said Hagrid.
	'Flew?'
	'Yeah - but we'll go back in this. Not s'posed ter use magic now I've got yeh.'
	They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.
	'Seems at shame ter row, though,' said Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks. 'If I was 
ter - er - speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin' it at Hogwarts?'
	'Of course not,' said Harry, eager to see more magic. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, 
tapped it twice on the side of  the boat and they sped off towards land.
	'Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?' Harry asked.
	'Spells - enchantments,'said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. 'They say there's dragons 
guardin' the high-security vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way - Gringotts is hundreds of miles under 
London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter 
get yer hand on summat.'
	Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had 
learnt from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd 
never had so many questions in his life.
	'Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual,' Hagrid muttered, turning the page.
	'There's a Ministry of Magic?' Harry asked, before he could stop himself.
	''Course,' said Hagrid. 'They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, o' course, but he'd never leave 
Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls 
every morning, askin' fer advice.'
	'But what does a Ministry of Magic do?'
	'Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still witches an' wizards up an' down 
the country.'
	'Why?'
	'Why? Blimey, Harry, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their problems. Nah, we're best left 
alone.'
	At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbour wall. Hagrid folded up his newspaper and 
they clambered up the stone steps on to the street.

2019/12/26

	Passers-by stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry couldn't
blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like 
parking meters and saying loudly, 'See that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh?'
	'Hagrid,' said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, 'did you say there are dragons at Gringotts?'
	'Well, so they say,' said Hagrid. 'Crikey, I'd like a dragon.'
	'You'd like one?'
	'Wanted one ever since I was a kid - here we go.'
	They had reached the station. There was a train to London in five minutes' time. Hagrid, who didn't 
understand 'Muggle money', as he called it, gave the notes to Harry so he could buy their tickets.
	People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked 
like a canary-yellow circus tent.
	'Still got yer letter, Harry?' he asked as he counted stitches.
	Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
	'Good,' said Hagrid. 'There's a list there of everything yeh need.'
	Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night before and read:

		HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY
	Uniform
	First-year students will require:
		1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
		2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
		3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
		4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)
	Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags

	Set Books
	All students should have a copy of each of the followings:
	The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
	A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot
	Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
	A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch
	One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore
	Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
	Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander
	The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble

	Other Equipment
	1 wand
	1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)
	1 set glass or crystal phials
	1 telescope
	1 set brass scales

	Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad

	PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST-YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS

	'Can we buy all this in London?' Harry wondered aloud.
	'If yeh know where to go,' said Hagrid.
	Harry had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he 
was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the 
Underground and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
	'I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic,' he said, as they climbed a broken-down 
escalator which led up to a busting road lined with shops.
	Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.
They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger bars and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could 
sell you a magic wand. This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of 
wizard gold buried miles beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? Might 
this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had cooked up? If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no 
sence of humour, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far 
was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help trusting him.
	'This is it,' said Hagrid, coming to a halt, 'the Leaky Cauldron. It's a famous place.'
	It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadn't pointed it out, Harry wouldn't have noticed it was 
there. The people hurrying by didn't glance at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the 
record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In fact, Harry had the most peculiar 
feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it. Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered him inside.
	For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking 
tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old 
barman, who was quite bald and looked like a gummy walnut. The low buzz of chatter stopped when they 
walked in. Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the barman reached for a 
glass, saying, 'The usual, Hagrid?'
	'Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business,' said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry's shoulder and
 making Harry's knees buckle.
	'Good Lord,' said the barman, peering at Harry, 'is this - can this be -?'
	The Leaky Couldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
	'Bless my soul,' whispered the old barman. 'Harry Potter ... what an honour.'
	He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed towards Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.
	'Welcome back, Mr Potter, welcome back.'
	Harry didn't know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing
 on it without realising it had gone out. Hagrid was beaming.
	Then there was a great scraping of chair and, next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with 
everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.
	'Doris Crockford, Mr Potter, can't believe I'm meeting you at last.'
	'So proud, Mr Potterm, I'm just so proud.'
	'Always wanted to shake your hand - I'm all of a flutter.'
	'Delighted, Mr Potter, just can't tell you. Diggle's the name, Dedalus Diggle.'
	'I've seen you before!' said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off in his excitement. 'You bowed to 
me once in a shop.'
	'He remembers!' cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. 'Did you hear that? He remembers
 me!'
	Harry shook hands again and again - Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
	A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitching.
	'Professor Quirrell!' said Hagrid. 'Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teacher at Hogwarts.'
	'P-P-Potter,' stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry's hand, 'c-can't t-tell you how p-pleased I 
and to meet you.'

2019/12/27
	'What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?'
	'D-Defence Against the D-Dark Arts,' muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he'd rather not think about 
it. 'N-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter?' He laughed nervously. 'You'll be g-getting all your equipment, I 
suppose? I've g-got to p-pick up a new b-book on vampires, m-myself.' He looked terrified at the very thought.
	But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get 
away from them all. At last, Hagrid managed to male himself heard over the babble.
	'Must get on - lots ter buy. Come on, Harry.'
	Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a 
small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a dustbin and a few weeds.
	Hagrid grinned at Harry.
	'Told yeh, didn't I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblin' ter meet yeh - mind 
you, he's usually tremblin'.'
	'Is he always that nervous?'
	'Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was studin' outta books but then he took a 
year off ter get some first-hand experience ... They say he met vampires in the Black Forest and there was a nasty 
bit o' trouble with a hag - never been the same since. Scared of the students, scared of his own subject - now, 
where's me umbrella?'
	'Vampires? Hags? Harry's head was swimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall 
above the dustbin.
	'Three up ... two across ... ' he muttered. 'Right, stand back, Harry.'
	He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.
	The brick he had touched quivered - it wriggled - in the middle, a small hole appeared - it grew wider
 and wider - a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway on to a 
cobbled street which twisted and turned out of sight.
	'Welcome,' said Hagrid, 'to Diagon Alley.'
	He grinned at Harry's amazement. They stepped through the archway. Harry looked  quickly over 
his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.
	The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop. Cauldrons - All Sizes V 
Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver - Self-Stirring - Collapsible said a sign hanging over them.
	'Yeah, you'll be needin' one,' said Hagrid, 'but we gotta get yer money first.'
	Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in everything at once: the shops, the 
things outside them, the people doing their shopping. A plump woman outside an apothecary's was shacking her
 head as they passed, saying, 'Dragon liver, sixteen Sickles an ounce, they're mad ... '
	A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium - Tawny, Screech, 
Barn, Brown and Snowy. Several boys of about Harry's age had their noses pressed against a window with 
broomsticks in it. 'Look,' Harry heard one of them say, 'the new Nimbus Two Thousand - fastest ever - ' There were 
shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows 
stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills and rolls of parchment, potion 
bottles, globes of the moon ... 
	'Gringotts,' said Hagrid.
	They had reached a snowy-white building which towarded over the other little shops. Standing beside its 
burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was-
	'Yeah, that's a goblin,' said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps towards him. The goblin 
was about a head shorter than Harry. He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long 
fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with 
words engraved upon them:
	Enter, stranger, but take hees
	Of what awaits the sin of greed,
	For those who take, but do not earn,
	Must pay most dearly in their turn,
	So if you seek beneath out floors
	A treasure that was never yours, 
	Thief, you have been warned, beware
	Of finding more than treasure there.
	'Like I said, yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it, ' said Hagrid.
	A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred
more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins on brass 
scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet 
more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.
	'Morning,' said Hagrid to a free goblin. 'We've come ter take some money outta Mr Harry Potter's safe.'
	'You have his key, sir?'
	'Got it here somewhere,' said Hagrid and he started emptying his pockets on to the counter, scattering a 
handful of mouldy dogbiscuits over the goblin's book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Harry watched the 
goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.
	'Got it,' said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.
	The goblin looked at it closely.
	'That seems to be in order.'
	'An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,' said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.
'It's about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen,'
	The goblin read the letter carefully.
	'Very well,' he said, handing it back to Hagrid, 'I will have someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook!'
	Griphook was yet another goblin. Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog-biscuits back inside his pockets, he 
and Harry followed Griphook towards one of the doors leading off the hall.
	'What's the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?' Harry asked.
	'Can't tell yeh that,' said Hagrid mysteriously. 'Very secret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledore's trusted me. 
More'n my job's worth ter tell yeh that.'
	Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had expected more marble, was surprised. They were in a 
narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. It sloped steeply downwards and there were little railway tracks on 
the floor. Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks towards them. They climbed in - Hagrid with 
some difficulty - and were off.


	


